[DJM-357] Add composer tab in DJM Airflow page (#30510)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/airflow.md

**Note**: Using the `.env` file to add the environment variables does not work because the variables are only applied to the local Airflow environment.
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Google Cloud Composer" %}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">
Data Jobs Monitoring for Airflow is not yet compatible with <a href=https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/composer-2/lineage-integration>Dataplex</a> data lineage. Setting up OpenLineage for Data Jobs Monitoring overrides your existing Dataplex transport configuration.
</div>

## Requirements

* [Cloud Composer 2][1] or later
* [apache-airflow-providers-openlineage][2]

## Setup

To get started, follow the instructions below.

> 1. In the Advanced Configuration tab, under "Airflow configuration override", click on "Add Airflow configuration override" and configure as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Advanced Configuration tab, under **Airflow configuration override**, click **Add Airflow configuration override** and configure these settings:
```

>    - In Section 1, enter `openlineage`
>    - In Key 1, enter `transport`
>    - In Value 1, enter the follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In Section 1, enter `openlineage`.
   - In Key 1, enter `transport`.
   - In Value 1, enter the following:
```

>      ```text
>      {
>       "type": "http", 
>       "url": "<DD_DATA_OBSERVABILITY_INTAKE>", 
>       "auth": {
>          "type": "api_key", 
>          "api_key": "<DD_API_KEY>"
>       }
>      }

Reviewer: Looks like this code block is missing the ending syntax. Also, it'll render a little better with a blank line between the previous line and the start of the block:
```suggestion

     ```text
     {
      "type": "http", 
      "url": "<DD_DATA_OBSERVABILITY_INTAKE>", 
      "auth": {
         "type": "api_key", 
         "api_key": "<DD_API_KEY>"
      }
     }
     ```
```

   * Replace `<DD_DATA_OBSERVABILITY_INTAKE>` fully with `https://data-obs-intake.`{{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}.
   * Replace `<DD_API_KEY>` fully with your valid [Datadog API key][5].
   

>    Check official [Airflow][4] and [Composer][3] documentation pages for other supported configurations of `openlineage` provider in Google Cloud Composer.
> 
> 2. After starting the Composer environment, install `openlineage` provider by adding the following package in the Pypi packages tab of your environment page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Check official [Airflow][4] and [Composer][3] documentation pages for other supported configurations of the `openlineage` provider in Google Cloud Composer.

2. After starting the Composer environment, install the `openlineage` provider by adding the following package in the Pypi packages tab of your environment page:
```
